console-launcher(1) -- Launch consoles for VM's hosted on your RHEV Manager
===========================================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`console-launcher` --host <rhevm_hostname> --user <rhevm_username><br>

## DESCRIPTION

  **console-launcher** is a simple command-line tool for launching console sessions
  to your Virtual Machines running in your RHEV Environment. It utilizes the RHEV-M REST
  API to query for the list of VM's running.

  It will only display Virtual Machines that have the **SPICE** Protocol selected and that are
  actually in state **up**. After you select a Virtual Machine to connect to it automatically creates
  a Session Ticket and stores it inside a .vv File.

  All the files necessary to start the console session are created fully automatically for you. The
  Ticket that is generated is valid for 30 seconds. So although the files are stored inside of the temp
  directory of the system, the credentials in there should not be valid after the script is ended.

  The script creates a configuration file **USER_HOME/.console-launcher.rc.yaml** which can be adapted
  to your environment, to speed up your workflow to start console sessions.

## OPTIONS

  * `--print`:
    Print the command that is called to launch the Console Session

  * `-d`, `--dry-run`:
    Do not execute the command to launch the Console Session. This can be used for testing purposes.

  * `-h`, `--host HOSTNAME`:
    The Hostname of your RHEV-M Server. This is the FQDN or IP Address not the URL.

  * `-u`, `--username USERNAME`:
    The Username used to establish the connection to --host (defaults to admin@internal)

  * `-p`, `--password PASSWORD`:
    The Password used to establish the connection to --host

## EXAMPLES

  Connect to your RHEV Manager running on rhev.example.com. The username is the default admin@internal.
   The password will be asked from the user.

    $ console-launcher --host rhev.example.com